You wanted to know how to exactly be a
useless woman. And that's why in today's
video, I'm going to break down seven
habits that only useless women have. Hi
guys, and welcome back to my channel. If
you're new here, my name is Michaela,
and today I want to get right into this
video. First of all, you need to
understand what men say is not the same
as what men respond to. Men can say they
want a nice woman. They want an
easygoing woman. They want the woman to
do X, Y, and Z for them. But ultimately,
what they respond to is something
completely different. So, I want you to
never actually take in consideration
what men say that they want from you. I
want you to instead look at their
behavior. What do they respond to? What
do they not respond to? and how do they
respond to specific things you do or not
do. And a little side note, if you want
to know exactly how to make a man invest
in you have real life scenarios and
scripts to use, download my ebook. The
link is below. Think about one situation
where a man was approaching you. What
did he say? You look so good. Wow, you
have a great body. Your hair are so lush
and shiny. What do you do for your hair?
You have great skin. You have a great
shape. Are you going to the gym? Wow,
you're so smart. He's complimenting you
on things and traits that you acquired
while taking care of yourself. And that
brings me to our first habit that every
useless woman has, which is she's taking
care of herself. You need to understand
whether you are dating a man, not dating
a man, in a relationship, you're already
married, your priority must be to take
care of yourself. Men respond to you
taking care of yourself, not to you
taking care of him. And that's what
makes you a useless woman, but also
that's what makes you so attractive to
men. That's what makes men want you,
okay? They do not respond to women who
do a lot for them. They do not respond
to women who reach out, who chase them.
No, they respond to women who have a
full life, are smart, are goodlooking,
good smelling, whatever. They are
responding to you taking care of
yourself. That's why in whatever
situation you are with a man, I want you
to never ever stop taking care of
yourself. Many women make the mistake
that once they are emotionally invested
in a man, they stop to take care of
themselves and instead they take care of
the man. They think that they have to up
their effort. They have to prove and
show that they are actually worthy
hoping that the man will not leave. But
that's exactly when the man suddenly is
not interested anymore or suddenly is
leaving or suddenly is stepping back.
They do not get attracted by a woman
taking on the masculine part. And the
masculine part is stepping into the
effort, courting, proving, doing. Do not
stop taking care of your skin, your
hair, your obviously physical
appearance. But also do not stop taking
care of your friendships outside of that
relationship with that man. Do not stop
nurturing your relationship with your
family, with your friends. Do not stop
going to events, your hobbies, etc. You
have to keep on taking care of yourself.
It must be your priority. The second
habit of a useless woman is to do
nothing for a man, especially in the
beginning. As I already started to talk
about a little bit in point one, you
doing something for a man is almost like
you stepping into your masculine. You
are taking on his part. Men do not
respond to women who are doing a lot for
them. For them, it means it's easy, it's
convenient, and it's comfortable. But it
does not create attachment. It does not
create love. It does not create a
long-term relationship because men are
wired completely differently. Okay? Men
are not wired like women. You can do
that with your friendships, but you
should not do that with men. Let him do
the work. Okay? Let him do the part of
courting, of showing and proving how
much worthy he is. You will only really
be appreciated by men when you stop
doing so much and let him do the work. A
man starts to understand how much you're
worth when he puts in a lot of effort.
And this also includes planning dates.
If a man is not planning a date with
you, it's because of his choice. He
doesn't want to. And you planning a date
for you two guys will make you probably
go on a date, but it won't make him take
you seriously and it definitely won't
make him commit to you. When you let him
space to step up and to actually plan a
date, then when he finally sits in front
of you on a date, he understands, "Wow,
it took me a lot of effort to sit here
on this table with this woman, but it
was so worth it." The same way as you
will be more attached to a person that
you put in a lot of effort. The same way
men are more attached and in love with a
woman. They have to put in the effort.
And this is not about games. This is
simply about our differentialities. The
next habit that every useless woman has
is to switch from treat others the way
you want to be treated. Treat yourself
the way you want to be treated.
Especially when it is about men. Okay.
The more you do for a man, the more he
will think what a great person he is.
The more you do for yourself, the more
he will think what a great person you
are. That you put in so much effort. And
he wants to top that. He wants to show
you that he's worthy of spending time
with a great woman like you are. That's
why I want you to treat yourself the way
you want to be treated by him. If you
want to have a man that sends you
flowers, gives you gifts, invites you to
beautiful, nice restaurants, takes you
out on dates, you need to do that first
yourself. You cannot sit at home and
wait for a man to do that. No, that's
desperate. You need to start treating
yourself the way you want to be treated.
Take yourself out on dates, bougie
restaurants, get yourself the flowers,
small gifts, go to the Dior store, and
even if you're just strolling around, I
call this happy yourself. You cannot
wait for others to make you happy, you
have to happy yourself. And only then
others, especially men, will understand
this is your standard. This is your
lifestyle. And they want to top that up.
they want to give you that lifestyle.
Men always assess the woman they want to
approach or they want to commit to. Now,
if he sees that you are a woman that
does not take care of herself, that does
not gift herself flowers, that does not
have nice things, that does not take her
out to restaurants and dates, that does
not really have a life going on for
herself, it signals to him she's easy
and it doesn't require that much effort.
In contrary, if you are the opposite, if
you are like some would say the
highmaintenance woman, you have a lot
going on in your life. You're always
taking care of your hair. You're at the
salon every week. You are taking
yourself out to dinner dates. You are
getting yourself the nice bags. No broke
man would even dare to approach you
because he knows he has nothing to
offer. He cannot win you over anyways.
That's why I want you to start treating
yourself the way you want men to treat
you. And this is also a little trick to
attract wealthier men. Even though you
might are not that wealthy, but if you
know how to take care of yourself and
portray the image of you being wealthy
and being already spoiled, that will
attract wealthier men as well. And that
also will attract men who want to take
care of you. You can be wealthy and not
taking care of yourself. You will
attract men who won't take care of you.
The more you take care of yourself, the
more he will take care of you. The next
habit of every useless woman is to not
ask for anything directly. Useless woman
understand her asking for things is
already doing too much. do not ask for
things. You show what your standards
are. As I mentioned in the previous
point, you show by living your lifestyle
what kind of standards you have, what
you expect, and how you want to be
treated. But also, of course, you need
to express your desires. Keep talking
about your desires. Keep talking about
wanting men to take care of you. Keep
complimenting him on doing the right
things, on taking care of things, on
showing up as that masculine man that
makes him so attractive that makes you
so attracted to him. Talk about how much
you love flowers, how much you love
Dior. Go to any store you love and try
on different things, make pictures, and
then buy nothing. And after when he's
asking you what you did today or what
you did the other day, you can talk
about it. Oh, I've been to Chanel. I've
been to that store and I saw this and I
saw this. I saw so many things and I
wish I could buy everything, but I ended
up buying nothing. Or even get yourself
something and show him what you bought
yourself. By always talking about what
you love, what you like, what your
desires are, what you appreciate, you
actually plant seeds in his brain and
reinforce him doing more for you. Any
man that is serious with you, that has
the resources wants to make you happy in
all ways possible. As you probably know
the saying, happy wife, happy life.
That's because men want to make their
woman happy. Okay? If he doesn't want to
make you happy, he's not ready for
commitment. He's not ready to step up as
the masculine man that he should be. And
that's also okay. That's an answer for
you that he is not the man you want to
waste your time on. And that brings me
to the next habit, which is useless
women are not nice. Okay? And what I
mean by that is not to be rude, to be
using bad words or actually insulting a
man. No, it has nothing to do about
that. But what many women do is that
they start adjusting their agenda,
adjusting their life to accommodate a
man. And this is the part you should not
do as a useless woman. Now, if you start
adjusting to a man to make him happy,
guess what? You start to be the pygmy
girl and you will first of all end up
losing yourself in that connection,
relationship, whatever. And second, he
will lose all respect from you. And I
tell you this from my personal
experience because a few years ago I was
the one always adjusting to men as soon
I was being emotionally invested to them
and immediately they stopped to be
interested in me and I was always
wondering what's going on like I am
doing my best I am showing up as my best
I am adjusting to him I am adjusting my
schedule my agenda just for us to make a
date happen and he's losing interest and
that's exactly why because men do not
like women who change themselves just to
accommodate them. Men actually like
women who are not nice to them. And you
probably have experienced that when you
don't like a man, you tell him, "I don't
like you. I don't want to go out with
you. I'm not interested." This is what
makes men actually want to pursue you
because you're being true to yourself.
You are speaking out your truth. You do
not like that. You do not like him. You
do not like specific things about him.
And suddenly he wants to change it.
Suddenly he wants to be the type of man
that you want because again men are
wired very differently than women.
Instead of being the nice girl, I want
you to be unapologetically
yourself. Express your standards. And if
he finds that these are too much, that
you are being too much, that you're
asking for too much, then goodbye. It's
actually a blessing for you to know as
early as possible if a man can give you
what you want or not. And that's why
it's so important to be unapologetically
yourself and be true to your standards
and boundaries, to what you want in a
relationship. So often women waste their
time on men because they think he's
going to change. They think by changing
themselves he's going to act in a
different way. He will show up the way
you want him to show up. But no, that's
not the case. Men show up the way they
want to show up. Okay? And when you tell
him you have certain boundaries and
standards and expectations from a
relationship and he tells you that this
is too much, that this is something he
does not want to come up to or will not
come up to, you need to trust it and let
him go. So often men actually tell a
woman, you have deserved someone better
or I am not good for you. They mean it.
Okay? trust them when they say things
like this. I know I always say man's
words mean nothing and you shouldn't
trust a man's word, but in that case,
trust him. Whenever a man tells you how
bad he is that you deserve better or
says things when he's drunk and when
he's angry, trust him what he's saying.
Under these four circumstances, his
words mean everything. Habit number six
is to create space for a man to step up.
What useless women do best is to do
nothing. And by doing absolutely
nothing, she creates space for him to
step up into his masculine role. For
example, you do not open the door for
yourself. Walk a little slower if you
notice that he's behind you and let him
open the door for you. wait in front of
the door until he's opening it. I wait
in front of the car until the man steps
out and opens the door for me. I am not
doing anything when a man is next to me.
I am not opening no doors. I am not
carrying no grocery bags. I am not
paying no bill. I am not doing anything.
And you need to know that a man, a true
masculine man actually finds that
attractive. Nowadays, so many women are
so independent doing everything by
themselves and a man next to them feels
literally useless. Okay? There is no
purpose for him to be in her life
because she's doing everything herself.
And that's why it's actually a pleasure
for men to be around a woman that let
him step up as that masculine man. For
you it might is nothing to open the door
for yourself or to carry your groceries
or take care of that coffee bill,
whatever. But for him, for a man, it
means everything. It makes him feel
purposeful and useful. And even though
we are talking here about dating and
love relationships, in my experience,
this is even with men that I am in a
friendship with, that I am working with.
They all feel more appreciated. They all
feel good to be around me because I let
them do things for me. Not because I
demand it, but because sometimes I play
a little bit the damsel in distress. And
my aura lets them know that this is
normal for me and lets them step into
their masculine role fully. Now, with
creating a space, I mean also do not
initiate conversations. Do not initiate
or plan any dates. Let him do all of
these things. Do not tell him 24/7 what
you're up to, what you're doing. Let him
wonder about you. Let him wonder what
his woman, the woman he wants to be with
is doing. Let him wander. Let him step
up and ask about you. Let him think
about you. The more he's thinking about
you, the more energy he invests in you.
And the more energy he invests in you,
the more he actually starts to like you.
He's going to reflect on himself and
reflect on you while you're not there,
while you're not talking to him. Because
he's thinking, "Why do I act like this?
Why do I think about her all the time?
Why do I do these things for her?"
Because you let him. You give him the
space to step up as a masculine man. And
I know many women initiate the
conversation, send texts once he doesn't
reach out for one or two days. Many
women think that a man needs to know
what she's doing all the time so he
doesn't get jealous, so he doesn't
leave, so he doesn't forget about her.
But you're doing the exact opposite.
Okay? You are doing yourself a
disservice by being overly available and
showing him that you are here anyways.
No matter how much effort he puts in, no
matter how much time he invests in
thinking about you. Now, whenever you
feel the urge to reach out to a man that
does not reach out to you, I want you to
pace yourself, calm down, take a deep
breath, and remind yourself if he has
your number and he does not reach out,
it's because of his choice. Okay? He
does not want to reach out. And that's
your answer. If a man doesn't reach out
for one, two, three days, that's the
answer. Okay? It's your answer that this
man is not that serious about you, that
you are not that special to him. Again,
that's the answer. Goodbye. He's not the
man that you want to waste your time on.
And the last habit of a useless woman is
that she is not fixing. She's not fixing
the relationship. She's not fixing
whatever is not right. She's not fixing
silent treatment. She's not fixing
anything. If you start to fix a
relationship, fix his behavior, fix your
communication issues, fix that you do
not have enough dates, then you are
starting to be the motor of the
relationship. When the woman is the
motor of the relationship, the woman
actually steps into the masculine role.
And at some point you will realize when
you stop being the motor of the
relationship, the relationship fades. It
dissolves itself. So ultimately you will
start to lose yourself in a
relationship. And that happens so many
times, right? So many women lose
themselves in relationships with men
because they start to be the motor of
the relationship which no woman is meant
to. Instead, I want you to observe and
adjust whenever you notice that the
relationship is going nowhere,
especially in the beginning. If you're
already married and in a committed
relationship, yes, communication is
important, but still it's not your task
to fix things and be the motor that
keeps the relationship running. But if
we are talking about the dating stage,
the beginning, you observe and adjust.
If you observe that he's stepping back,
he doesn't reach out that much. He's not
putting in that much effort, you do not
fix by giving more effort or talking him
into what he should do differently. You
draw back all your attention and effort.
And as I told you in my other video,
when he gives you 80% effort, you step
back to give him 50% effort. you always
give him a little bit less than what he
is giving you. That's why you always
need to observe and adjust. Anyways
guys, I hope this could help and I hope
you have a clear picture now of how to
be a useless woman. Thank you so much
for watching. I love you so so much and
I see you in my next video. Bye-bye.